When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When sharing your work with outhers

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Git may not realize what one needs to update

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Fork, when branches split
    Clone, when coppying files with repository
    Branch, when one has a new feature to implement

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Incase one needs to revert back to the original you know where to go

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Using your file system and saving versions of your work. What would be easier is one does not have to rember a new file system. What would be harder is keeping track of the work others do and hows work, works better.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When one is adding a new feature to expriment with. This way the master is not changed untill one is certain these changes will be the new master.

When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    When sharing or working with others on the same project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    So that one can keep track of what is going on locally with your project.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

    Fork, when branches split, use when getting repository from github
    Clone, when coppying files with repository, use when copying from github
    Branch, when one has a new feature to implement, use when creating a branch onto github

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    SO if one has to merge it is easier to do because one know what to expect.


    
