What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Initializes git. (git init)

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
A way to track changes.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
Make sure to comment at each logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
not sure

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
not sure

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
not sure

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
not sure

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Staging area offers a place to temporarily place a file.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
git log to identify one commit per logic change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches help by not changing the original game and one can experiment on the game without committing changes to the original.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
This is like a file history of the diagram.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
One gets one master branch combined. To display when the master was branched and joined.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
pros of automatic merging one knows that there are no conflicts.
cons of automatic merging not sure what the program picked.
pros of manual merge one has control of what to chose.
cons of manual merge extra work.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
In order to revert back to the last known state if needed.


